What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When I initialize a repository, the git will create an empty directory called .git. We need to do it because it will store all the commits in that directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	
	The staging area sits between the wroking directory and the repository. We can add files to the staging area and commit it to the repository. The value staging area offers that it will help you control which file that you want to commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	After each change, I can add the changed files into the staging area. Before each commit, I can only add one file to the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	If we want omake a change or develop a new version but we are not sure if it is gonna work, we can creat a a branch so that the development will no affact the original version. In the end, if the new version works, we can also merge the new branch with the old branch to conbine two versions. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	The diagrams help me understand the branch relationship, and each node is connected to its parent. It also tells me that some nodes are unreachable from other nodes. And some of nodes might be lost in some cases.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	The result of mergin two branches together is that it keeps the files exist in both branches, discard the files thats deleted by one but keep by the other, and add files that were added by one of the branches. We represent it in the diagram because we combine two versions into one. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	The automatic merging :
		pros: it saves a lot of time for people to copy and paste files and find differences between files.
		cons: if there are conflicts, automatic merging may cause bugs.
	always doing merges manually:
		pros: it will never have bugs since people are checking the files on their own and they know what they want to change as long as it is shown.
		cons: it is so fastidious to check the differences btween large files. And some times it is really hard for people to find the exact differences by eyes.