When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

	We want to use a remote repository whenever we want ot share our work or we are working with someone else, or we want to work on different computers.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Because if someone else make some changes that we did not want or we have not save our local file, we both do not want to update our local repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Forks: one use forls because you do not have permission to modify others file on GitHub. It will clone a same version under your own GitHub directory, which you could modify. Forks could be used only in GitHub.
	clones: you want to use clone to clone files from a remote to your local device.
	branches: branches is used when you want to create another version of your file because you do not want to modify your current files. It could be used both in your local device and GitHub.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	So that we can compare two versions if others modify the remote. So we can merge the remote and the local version if they are not synced.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	I can collabroate using google drive, in which i can send all the files in zip and the other can down load it on his machine. It is easier because their is no merge. It is harder because you can not compare two different versions. I can also collaborate also one machin and one version, so that we will work on one machine. In that case, it is also not able to compare two different versions.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	We want to make changes in a separate branch when we want to make changes based on our own idea and we have not discussed with others. This will benefits that we want others to check our changes before merge it into the master branch. Making changes directly in master will benefit us in a way that there are not complicated branches floating around, which makes the project much simpler.